---
layout: post
title: Git Activitys, Jim Hall
---


## Git Exercises

Personally, I thought the Git exercises that we did in class were extremely helpful. I have never been taught how to use Git formally. It is just something that I needed to start using for an internship, and had to learn mostly on my own. Since then, I have used it a ton when doing work for classes, or when developing with other people in a group setting. When I was doing this, all I really needed to know was how to add, commit, push, and pull. I didn't really know what was going on internally or why certain things happened the way they did. Consequently, whenever I ran into a merge conflict or anything of the sort, I was extremely confused and didn't know how to fix it. Naturally, over time, I became better at it just from using it over and over again and running into the same problems. However, it was really nice to be able to learn it formally and learn why things happen the way they do. I thought it was especially helpful learning about how forking works, formally learning how to resolve merge conflicts and how to avoid them, and how to create different branches and work simultaneously in a group setting. These are all skills that are necessary in the world of software development, and will help me a lot in the future. 

## Jim Hall Discussion

I enjoyed Jim Hall's presentation and thought it was very informative. I enjoyed listening to his opinions of the future of open source, the positive aspects of it, and also the downsides of it. I recall him saying that open source projects are extremely important because they allow people to continuously build off of them and create better versions of existing projects and software. This obviously helps advance the current state of technology by creating new and better software. I also recall him talking about the relationship between open and closed source projects, and how they often build off of one another. I thought this was interesting because it was slightly unexpected to me. I never considered the fact that closed source projects could be stepping stones for open source projects, I had always thought that they were only made for the benefit of the creator(s). 

One of the things that Jim talked about that I thought was particularily interesting was when he said that he doesn't actually contribute to open source projects much anymore. This is because he has more of a responsibility managing people now instead of actually developing. This was interesting to me because it made me think about my own career and how that kind of change could take place after working in development for several years. 