---
layout: post
title: project, Tom Callaway
---

## Group Project


For our group project, we have chosen the open source project called Spicetify. Spicetify is a spin-off of Spotify that allows contributors to add different themes and create different features. We chose this project because it was a relatively straightforward concept, and there weren't an overwhelming amount of files for us to familiarize ourself with. Additionally, there are contributions being made by others constantly, and the main contributors are relatively active in the issues section. 


<!--more-->

Originally, our goals were to create one theme and one extension for the first week. After diving deeper into the code and figuring out how it worked, we realized that these goals were a little bit too ambitious, and we had to adjust. We adjusted our goal to instead be to download the software, become really familiar with the code, and try fixing something from the issues/bug sections. 


## Tom Callaway

Tom Callaway spoke to us about his work as an open source evangelist for Amazon Web Services. This was interesting to hear because it provided a good bridge between what we are learning in class about open source projects and the real world, with billion dollar companies. He said that within AWS, 100% of marketing sector codebases, 98% of healthcare codebases, and 97% of financial sector codebases were open source. I found this interesting too because it shows that open source projects are becoming more and more common with time. 

When asked if they invest in open source, Tom said that AWS invests in open source because they want to be on the forefront of future open source developments. I think that this is a really smart way of looking at it, because the data above shows that open source is becoming a bigger and bigger part of companies today. By investing in it, AWS is making an effort to contribute to this increasing popularity of open source. 