

## Group Work


I enjoyed working on this project. The task was simple, but I thought it was cool to be able to make a browser extension that I could use on my own computer. I thought it was good to get practice working with git and with a team. Forking repositories and creating pull requests was never something that I really understood too well, but I was forced to learn how they work in this project in order for everyone in the group to contribute. 


## My Contributions


The bulk of my contributions to this project were in the javascript coding. I had taken a class prior to this one where we coded in javascript, so there wasn't much of a learning curve there. I used online resources as well as what I've learned in classes to figure out how to apply a border to the page and make it blink, using the setTimeout() and setInterval() functions. I used my knowledge of javascript, along with html and css to change the 'beastify' files to make them do what we wanted. I also reached out to team members and assisted in coordinating group meetings, whether they were in person or over zoom. 


## What I've Learned


The main thing that I learned was that group members all bring different strengths and weaknesses to the table. Different projects require different skills, meaning that sometimes certain group members won't be as helpful in a specific area of the project than others. However, projects usually have multiple parts and lots of things that need to be done. So, there is a way for every group member to contribute in some way. If a project requires knowledge of a certain programming language that some group members aren't familiar with, it would make more sense for those people to focus their time on other aspects that don't require those skills. 


## Other Teams' Work