---
layout: post
title: other groups' projects, our group project
---

## Reflection on other groups' presentations

One of the most surprising things to me about other groups' presentations was that almost all other groups ran into similar problems as our group. This was very reassuring for a few reasons. The first, being that our group and I weren't entirely sure about how our progress was stacking up with other groups. For example, when we originally thought that we were going to be able to create an extension to contribute to Spicetify, and had to adjust that goal, we thought this was a setback. However, it seems like some other groups had similar situations, where they had to adjust their goals based on what they were learning week by week. 

<!--more-->

Another reason that I was reassured by this was because I realized that other groups were having the same problems as our group. Such problems included not being able to figure out what certain parts of the code mean (as stated above), not getting responses from project contributors or owners, or having issues completed by others before they were able to complete them. These were all things that our group encountered as well, and I was somewhat relieved to see that it wasn't just our group that was having these issues. 

## Our group progress

Our meeting after Thursday's class was our most impactful meeting thus far. We finally figured out how to use the Spicetify DevTool on both Windows and Mac, and this allowed us to make some significant changes to the Spotify UI. We worked on making these changes to the CSS, and were able to make good progress in creating a new potential theme. Additionally, Victoria and Ian were working on the part of our theme that is going to display the lyrics on the spotify UI when certain songs are playing. They are going to change the font style, size, and color of that and customize it to look good with our theme. Overall, we are still making good progress, and should be able to complete the theme by the end of our next meeting. 








