---
layout: post
title: Christopher Snider and open source 
---


## Christopher Snider


I really enjoyed listening to Christopher talk about his life story. Hearing about how he deals with the challenges of diabetes was very inspiring. It was also interesting to hear his perspective about some of the daily issues that come with having diabetes because one of my best friends also has it, and I have observed him deal with the same problems that Christopher was talking about, for the last 4 years. Christopher stated that he was never able to live the type of college lifestyle that he wanted because of his diabetes. This is something that I have observed with my friend, as he is sometimes not able to do things with me due to his low blood sugar or some other complication. Although I was somewhat aware of the daily problems that having diabetes causes, it had never occurred to me that open source software could actually be a solution to these problems. 

<!--more-->

One thing that I liked especially about this presentation was the fact that he wasn't ever big into computer science or coding, but still benefits from open source software. This really opened my eyes to how important open source is for the world as a whole, and that it is not just the computer science community or big tech companies that benefit from open source software projects. 

Prior to the presentation, I was unaware of how much data there was about individuals with diabetes that would help them if they had access to it. Tidepool takes advantage of this, tracks all the data and makes decisions based on it. One such benefit of this process is automated insulin dosing. With Tidepool's open source software, they are able to automatically adjust the insulin levels in the bloodstream. This can allow people like Christopher, and my friend, to live normal lives and not have to worry about their condition all the time. 


## Open Source in Communities
 

The one topic that we discussed that really stood out to me was how open source technology can help make the "farms of the future". This topic stood out to me because it addressed some of the things that I often think about regarding the future of the human species. As the world population continues to increase, eventually we are going to be faced with overpopulation issues. In addition to the lack of physical space to be able to farm with, changing environmental conditions may cause farms to become contaminated, or unusable. However, we can overcome these issues with open source technology. This tech can be used to optimize the location for which seeds need to be planted. It is also something that can get younger kids more interested in farming. Farming of the old days is very manual labor intensive, which is a logical reason for kids to not be interested in it. However, if kids can farm virtually from their homes, this essentially gets rid of the manual labor aspect of farming, and might cause kids to enjoy it more. This will also increase exposure of computer science as a field to the younger generations. 





 