---
layout: post
title: project eval, short film response
---


## Project Evaluation Activity

I thought that this activity was useful in understanding the different aspects of open source projects. I learned a little bit more about Kate and how it is used and who contributes to it. While we were looking through the open source docs we noticed that people were making commits. I found this a bit surprising because it is a relatively old text editor compared to some other editors. But that just means that people are constantly improving it and fixing bugs and issues. Another thing I learned about Kate's open source documentation is that they keep logs for different bugs and issues that come up when using it. The main contributors look at the logs and make commits that address the issues and that fix them. This is interesting to me because it really shows how organized the whole project is, that there can be hundreds of contributors, and whenever an issue comes up someone decides to fix it and push the changes. We also noticed that some of the commits were made by more than one person. In these cases, the name for the commit was some other contributor and the person with the most commits. We thought that this could have possibly meant that people could make contributions, and once they were made then the person who was mainly in charge of creating the project would have to 'approve' the commit, which would put his name there as well. 

<!--more-->

## Video Response

One of the videos that I enjoyed the most was Farming for the Future. I thought this video was very eye opening and addressed some of the problems that I often think about regarding the future of our planet. As the population continues to grow, there will be less and less food sources for people to grow food on, and a higher demand as population increases. I had often wondered how we would solve this problem without having to control the population in some way. In this video, I learned that open source technology can actually be a solution to this problem. MARSfarm is a program that uses open source technology to be able to develop an exact formula to be able to make plants grow on Mars, or more generally, in environments where they would not typically be able to grow. This technology is called a food computer. It can also allow humans to be much more efficient in the way we use space for farming. Several times in the video, it was mentioned that people could be able to use their own backyards as a farm. Because of this open source technology, people can share this tech with each other, which can help to accelerate the speed at which we find solutions for inevitable future problems like the one stated above. This video all in all helped me truly visualize how open source can be a solution to problems like these. 