---
layout: post
title: Riju Khatri and Group Project
---

## Riju Khatri

In Tuesday's class, we had the pleasure of having NYU master's student Riju Khatri come into our class to talk about career with software development and with open source. I thought it was great to hear a perspective like hers on open source, and the field in general. 

<!--more-->

The main thing that surprised me about her presentation was how active she said she was within the open source community, and how much time she would spend on an open source project. She said that once she found a project that she wanted to contribute to, she would spend months using the project first before she decided on how she wanted to contribute. This is surprising to me because I feel like for someone to put in that amount of time researching and using a random open source project, they really must be passionate about contributing to open source projects. 

Another thing that she said that resonated with me was that open source contributions look really good on your resume. Previously, I figured that they wouldn't hurt to have on your resume, but I didn't really think that they would be that "impressive" for recruiters to see. Riju mentioned that when recruiters see open source contributions on your resume, not only does it show your knowledge of that specific codebase and that you are able to make a valuable contribution to a project, but it shows a passion and drive to make contributions in the world of software development, which is what most companies are looking for. 


## Group Project


We did not present on Thursday, but we had the chance to view 3 other presentations. I enjoyed listening to the presentations, and seeing how other groups' projects compared and contrasted to ours. The presenters did a great job!

After class, our group met at the usual time to finalize our project contributions. We each had separate code contributing a different part to the final theme that we were going to make. During the meeting, we combined our pieces of code together into one file, and pushed the changes to the main repository. It was a very productive meeting, and I thought that the final version of our theme would be enough to get our pull request accepted. After finalizing a few small details, we plan on submitting our pull request sometime early this week, and working on our presentation until thursday. 







