---
layout: post
title: open source in business, group project
---

## Open Source in Business Models

<!--more-->

why did comcast create an open source program office?

customers looking for more digital engagement with companies
they need an app
telecommunications managing massive networks, 
most of their contributions are around infrastructure projects related to their telecommunications. 


In class on Tuesday, we discussed open source business models. This was helpful for me to understand how open source can be used in companies and how much they are beginning to value open source. Companies like Comcast and US Bank are now implementing an Open Source Program Office into their companies that specialize in using open source to improve their services, and contributing to the open source projects that they use. In the video about companies creating Open Source Program Offices, the head of this office at Comcast, Nithya Ruff, stated that they use open source technologies that help with massive telecommunications networks, and that is the main source of their open source contributions. It was cool to listen to an important employee of Comcast explain how they use open source projects to benefit their company.

<!--more--> 

In class we also watched a discussion between Gitlab CEO and the OSS Capital founder. I enjoyed listening to this conversation because, similar to above, it was cool to see how successful companies use open source technology in their business plan. It also helped to clarify how these companies use open source ideals in their business models. 

## Group Progress

This past week was really good for our group's progress. We clarified some of the goals that we had, and ran into some roadblocks that helped us realize some things that might not be possible in the given timeframe. We became a lot more familiar with the codebase and had a few interactions with people in the repository issues section. We picked up a few new issues that we plan on fixing in the coming weeks. 

We also realized that the code for creating an extension is extremely complicated, and we decided that we wouldn't have the time to understand the javascript code well enough to be able to make a legitimate extension that could be contributed to the repository. A lot of the time during our meeting was spent on familiarizing ourselves with the Spotify css classes, and continuing to work on modifying existing themes, to ultimately try and create our new theme. We decided that we are going to try and make a sky-blue theme from modifying an existing one. One thing that is slowing our progress with the theme is that we haven't yet found a file that maps css classes to the elements on the Spotify UI, so most of our work has been trial and error in that regard. 

Overall, we are on a good track, and our goal is still to continue working on fixing issues, and ultimately create a theme that gets accepted into the Spicetify-themes repository. 












