---
layout: post
title: Cathedral & Bazaar, global affairs, open source project 
---

## the cathedral and the bazaar

The Cathedral and the Bazaar was an interesting read, and changed my perspective on what it means to be a software developer a little bit. I liked how the main 'topics', or main lessons that the author wanted to get across were numbered throughout the reading. These little quotes do a good job of summing up some of the issues that developers go through. They also sort of represent some rules of thumb that developers should go by. One of my favorite quotes from this reading is "if you have the right attitude, interesting problems will find you". This is interesting to me because I have experienced this personally in my life as a developer. To me, this essentially means that if someone has a legitimate interest in a topic or a project, and they put in the time and effort to make contributions to this project, they will encounter problems that require much more interesting solutions than if they hadn't made much of an effort at all to begin with. 

<!--more--> 

Another one of these general rules of thumb for developers that was mentioned in the text was "If you treat your beta-testers as if they're your most valuable resource, they will respond by becoming your most valuable resource". This is also something that I have experienced personally, and have realized the truth to it. Over winter break, I did some work for my friend's start up, and it involved a lot of parsing different data files for information. The files came in many different templates, and one of the goals was to try and write programs that were flexible and could parse all different types of files effectively. One of the ways to improve this, was to simply have tons of beta testers upload their data and see what different kinds of files appeared. There were often times where we thought that we had finished a parser file, and then a new beta tester came and uploaded their data, and we would find new files that we hadn't accounted for in the code. Thus, if we had treated beta testers like they were the most important possible thing for us, that would have made that process much more efficient. 

## Open Source in Global Affairs

In class, we discussed how open source projects can help with global affairs. This is interesting to me because in a way, computer science is one of the majors that does not require much of a knowledge of global affairs, or current events. However, some open source projects can actually help certain situations around the world. 

I think the most interesting application of open source in global affairs is OSINT and how it is helping with the Ukraine war. The article stated that some individuals were using open source technology to scrape TikTok and other social media platforms to find information about the Ukraine war like as locations of Russian Troops, and have an impact on the outcome of the war that way. 

## Open Source Project 

By contributing to Pandas, I hope to become more comfortable contributing to open source projects. Before coming into this class, I did not know much about open source projects as a whole, and that regular people would be able to contribute to huge projects like Pandas. I thought that the contributions were made by experts. Pandas is something that I have always used for data analysis in class, or in projects of my own. I hope that I can make meaningful contributions, while also learning more about the process making changes to an open source project. I also hope that somewhere in the process one of the main contributors can see my contributions and approve them, or at least have a conversation with me about my work. 

I think one of the most challenging things will be finding an initial issue to work on, and getting everything all set up to get started. I'm sure there are a ton of open issues that need fixing, but finding the right one that will allow me to use the skills that I have to make a meaningful contribution will probably be the most challenging thing. 

