---
layout: post
title: group project
---

## Open Source in Business Models

I think that it is great the companies are starting to adopt open source principles and use open source software as a part of their business models. As I was reading the articles, I was thinking to myself, "how wasn't this discovered earlier?". For exmaple, one of the main benefits of open source technology is that it has the eyes of thousands or millions of people looking at it and trying to enhance it every day. By having this massive group of people inspecting and looking for bugs every day, the software is bound to be the best version of itself. Software that is not open source does not have this benefit, and will likely not be as advanced as software that does. One article calls this "the power of peer review". 

<!--more-->

I also liked reading about how companies that are based on open source software can actually earn revenue, despite their main service being free. One of the ways that companies can do this is with advertisement partnerships. Companies can partner with each other and make ones services more readily available on the other in exchange for a certain amount of money. This can be beneficial for both parties. I did not know deals like this occurred with open source software companies, and I find it quite interesting. 


## Group Progress

This week, our group met after our Thursday's class to work on our next goals for the project. We received some feedback on our initial pull request, so we updated it to account for that. We also found two new issues that we began looking at. The main bulk of our work came with the new theme that we decided to start working on. As per our previous goals, we all have become much more comfortable playing around with existing themes, and figuring out which CSS classes correspond to which parts of the Spotify interface. We figured out the different things that we could do, such as change the shape, color, size, and location of different elements. We also found ways to modify the text that is displayed. We each chose different aspect to work with more in depth, and started creating our own themes based on the aspects we chose. Once we have reached a point where we are happy with the number of modifications made, we are going to combine all of our modifications into one new theme. 

The next big goal is to start working on potential extensions. We still haven't looked into these as much, because they are much more in depth and require a much larger understanding of javascript code. However, a goal is to become more familiar with this code, and start trying to implement extension ideas. 













